what's up everybody and welcome to
today's episode of learning from the
pros joining me today is Diego endu who
is the head of marketing at Catalyst
Consulting Diego welcome Hey siio thank
you so much for having me today it's a
pleasure finally meeting from a lot of
time on LinkedIn so I'm super excited
yeah me too me too 100% so Diego is
going to be sharing today his top 10
tips for scaling Google ads and demand
capture so really excited to dive into
your tips today Diego you just start us
off by just kind of giving a quick
background on yourself and and your
experience in uh Performance Marketing
awesome yeah so basically I been Jo I
joined a catalyst about a year ago now
well basically in April of 2023 and
we're very I'm very very close probably
at the time of this recording I'm
already pass surpassed the year which is
great and basically started at catalis
being a performance marker running
basically managing the Google ads
Facebook and Linkedin ads accounts for
clients basically working on optimizing
the accounts you know let's say the
performance Market role of you know
managing the let's say the needy and
greedy or the super execution part of
things which T me a lot of you know how
these platforms work you know from H
start to finish along the way when even
if you're let's say a junior performance
Market even if you're just managing the
accounts you learn a lot on the strategy
side of things how basically the
campaigns work what clients are looking
for how to deliver results and
eventually slowly I've been
transitioning into more of a strategy
role helping or a new marketers that
come in into Catalyst training them into
how to manage these accounts and how we
like to run the accounts what are some
best practices and eventually teaching
them also some part of strategy so
everyone inside the team can basically
work within the campaigns and help our
clients eventually get results so today
and like you said I'm the of marketing I
transition from use managing the
accounts which of course it's something
you always like to do within the
accounts and manage more of the strategy
side of things and building the
campaigns the the back end for the
clients it's been a super great journey
so far and that's what I'm doing today
at Galis again I've learned a ton along
the way and hopefully it's been same for
a lot of marketers here let's do it I'm
I'm super pumped to dive in it just
reminds me you know hearing your journey
it's like the thing that got you here is
the thing that then prevents you from
getting there you know and and often
times the hardest thing about growth is
that you have to give up the the things
that got you there in the first place
the things that worked for you you know
what I mean so it's like you got really
good at managing campaigns executing
campaigns now you need to give that up
and get really good at building other
people to then manage the campaigns it's
a completely different skill set you
know yeah I think it's a really
interesting let's say
contrast because you know when I saw
start the Catalyst what I have to do is
you know manage the accounts H just make
sure they don't overspend they don't
under spend you know let's say the basic
stuff of the account but as you grow and
start learning more things you in like
it's almost indirectly you start to see
your role change you start doing
different things within the accounts
start thinking differently like it's not
just let how let's how to increase the
impression share of this keyword versus
how to how we make sure these accounts
start getting more conversions for Less
cost platforms are we exploring and
basically your role changed completely
and I think that's one of the beauties
that you said ER as you progress through
your career or your role within a
company how your responsibilities change
vers you know from managing the account
to teaching someone else how to manage
an account and it's a completely
different let's say job H title job
skill let's say is as challenging as
it's rewarding yeah 100% let's kick off
with the first official tip my first tip
is something I've been experimenting a
lot since I started at cataly and I
think it's really great for the ads
which is the dynamic keyword insertions
this is something that is really great
especially when you're running ad groups
with multiple different keywords and I
think there's a lot of value here
because one of the best practices we
usually like to do is you know the first
headline should be very close to the
keyword it should be very in line with
what the person is searching for but
when you have ad groups with multiple
keywords you know within let's say
within the same same theme it can happen
that one the let's say the ad copy
favors a keyword versus the other ones
and Google might see this and say you
know the relevancy relevancy of this ad
might not be as great H because H you
know you're not covering all of the
keywords specifically and you might end
up not only losing quality score but
also your ctrs of the ads can change
because if H one of the examples I
shared is that if you're targeting let's
say an ad group saying demand generation
software and AVM demand gen software if
your copy you're using Dynamic keyword
insertion whenever someone searches for
demand generation software that's the a
headline that will appear on the ad and
if someone searches AVM Dem man software
or you know a shorter variation that's
what will appear on the ad and this will
change a lot H from a user perspective
because they will feel and you know
perceive that they're getting the that
they're exactly looking for so just to
unpack that uh you mentioned so for the
H1 the the thing that you guys really
try to do is match the intent right of
whatever the person search yeah so if
they search demand gen software ideally
in the H1 we're matching the intent with
with demand gen software and the reason
you like Dynamic keyword insertion is
because it's automatically updating the
keyword Bas on uh the search term that
triggered it essentially right yeah
exactly and I do think there's a lot of
value in that because um whenever
someone searches H like I said on the H1
it's like the first headline that pops
up if they are searching for you know
again the man gen you want to make sure
that the first impression they get from
the ad is something as close as possible
to that search and this is why I really
like to you know you can include your
keywords within multiple headlines but I
will always make make sure that the
first headline is the most accurate or
closest thing to the search or the
keyword your target what is your uh
what's your experience been in terms of
results with Dynamic C insertion is it
commonly good like or I should say
better than than just like static text
like do you guys find yourself always
using it or is it like like certain
situations yeah I will say is as an
improvement is not a game changer where
you will see your ctrs double or triple
but you know the difference is let's say
if you get a 1% or a 2% increase in CTR
from using Dynamic keyword insertion
you're getting an extra click out of a
100 or two extra clicks which makes a
huge difference in my opinion because
this will only not only you know
increase the amount of total people
click on your on your app Al Google
charges You by The Click and not
impression so you're quote unquote
getting more expensive campaigns but
more people are visiting your landing
page a CTR you know as blackbox or
you know even if it's kind of a blackbox
the quality score ER measures that
Google uses having a higher CTR
definitely helps with that again I will
say Dynamic keyword insertion is more of
an addition or an extra something you
can test within your campaigns for
example you can a test it versus an
static a static headline but I really
like it when you have multiple diff
keywords let's say within the same team
but the text is very different within an
ad group and with Dynamic keyword
insertion you can increase the relevancy
quite a bit for tip number two is
something I've seen a lot when auditing
campaigns well basically a lot of the
tips are kind of a we'll say compilation
of mistakes I see when auditing accounts
so I think all of these can be really
helpful and the number number two is
don't sleep on the device and location
with modifiers I know you also made some
carousels and content around this which
I think there's a huge value in this
because you know I'm not I don't really
like making huge assumptions but for
example for B2B SAS for most this most
cases I've seen is that a lot of the
devices that you target within Google
ads have don't have a lot of H quality
traffic or high conversion rates versus
for example ER often again this is what
I see there are some ex exceptions for
sure but for example they the traffic
coming from tablet is often not as good
versus someone searching from computer
like the intend I feel like it's so
common it's safe to say it's not as good
I know you're putting the disclaimer but
like let's be real if you guys are
listening to this like how is your
tablet performing I think we can all
collectively agree it's not that yeah I
just want to make sure because I know
there's one in a one million yeah yeah
no it's good it's good it's
good Let if I want to make it you know
for for our clients all of them we have
excluded tablet because honestly is not
really good traffic and also with mobile
I will say you know to twist it I will
say desktop almost always has the best
traffic because it's the person sitting
on their computer desk searching for
something versus someone on their phone
that you know has Tik Tok on one on one
Tab and it has Instagram then Google you
know the intent is completely different
so I would say you have to make sure
that your devices check the conversion
rates often because if you know you want
to make sure that you redirect your ads
to the best quality traffic and same
with location if you're targeting for
for example the US this is not as
applicable because you can only change
uh within this location but if you're
targeting multiple States for example
multiple countries you can adjust the
bids to Target the countries with the
highest cost per sorry lowest cost per
conversion highest conversion rate or if
you want to increase the impression
share for example within a specific
location this is something you can
definitely do to improve the results of
your campaigns do you have any tips for
people listening to this around how they
should go about like deciding on the
modifier amount and the percentage Yeah
often let's say I would say depending on
your budget primarily if you have not a
high budget you know I will I think this
depends a lot between the company but
let's say if you're spending $10,000
five even $5,000 you know super Scrappy
within your ads or your campaigns I will
go aggressive H with their bids because
you know if you're spending let's say
$5,000 in your ads and you're wasting
200 300 500
in tablet H you know that's $500 that
will go to desktop and that makes a huge
difference so you know if you can I
often exclude tablet completely from our
campaigns regardless of the budget
because you know it's really not as
helpful but for mobile I think it's also
it depends a lot for the client and this
is very client specific but we have seen
clients where mobile is you know almost
never is as efficient as desktop but
sometimes it the performance is really
close so you can start testing by
reducing the bid let's say by 10 20% and
if the difference is a little bit higher
than you know it's not as marginal you
can exclude it for example by 50% you
know to be more aggressive and this way
you still prioritize desktop but again
if the difference is massive for example
desktop has doubled the conversion rate
you can exclude it completely the way I
think about it like I frame what you're
saying is people often ask you know
what's the biggest difference between a
small budget in a large budget and if I
had to distill it down into its most
basic the biggest difference is options
smaller budget less options more budget
more options right so if you've got ,000
and you have to make it work yeah right
like like the the analogies like if you
have to gun to your head and you have to
make this thing work or like you're dead
and you only have a very small amount of
budget well then that means you have
very few options and you need to
optimize everything as much as possible
remove as many variables as possible to
increase your chances of success so if
you only got
$1,000 and you're hearing from Diego me
a lot of people desktop is typically the
best device for B2B yes there are
exceptions I actually just saw one
yesterday audited a Google ads account
and mobile was actually better but that
is an exception like by large desktop is
the number one so if you got a gun to
your head and you only have a thousand
bucks to make it work you're like let me
just stack all the blocks in my favor to
have the most likelihood chance of
success given I don't have a lot of
options here right now yeah on the flip
side you have more budget well then now
you can approach it with more
flexibility hey let me cast a wider net
like Target all devices see how they
perform then from there I can start to
make optimizations over time right I
think that's like the great the exact
word that you mention is flexibility
like when you have the bigger buget to
have the flexibility to test and try
different things versus when you have a
little budget you know when a client
comes in with a small buget and you know
we want to make it work we you know even
if they might see results from these
different things you can't afford to
make those experiments because they want
you know you have to apply let's say the
best practices and go for what you
really think can work because as you say
you have gone to your head you if you
really have to make this work you have
to stock all the blocks in your favor
even if H in the long run let's say you
might benefit from testing different
things at the moment you can't afford to
do those tests yeah 100% tip number
three this is something I really H like
and I think this is the depending of
course on the volume of conversions you
get but once you start getting some
conversions the main goal well for me
the main goal when you launch a campaign
is to get it on a smart beating strategy
as soon as possible so for this I mean I
usually like to use for example the
target CPA I think this is really good
and it gives like some flexibility for
yourself and for Google to basically
optimize your campaigns and basically
the recommendation from Google I believe
for Target CPA is about 30 conversions a
month but if you have a lower volume of
conversions let's say you can't you know
it's really hard to get 30 conversions a
month I will aim for 10 or 15 that's a
really let's say minimum threshold
but I really like when once you switch
campaigns to this objective and you have
I will say with the disclaimer that you
have conversions properly set up down
the funnel and you can give the right
signals to Google you don't have 10
different conversions as primary H
having smart beating within your
campaigns can help the performance a lot
because Google is not optimizing just
for clicks but it's also optimizing for
actual conversions yeah one pro tip for
everyone listening if you are struggling
on the conversion volume is to work
backwards and set up conversion events
higher up in the funnel so the the the
way we talk about this in like in our
Google ads course that we're we're
launching soon I call it the the the
conversion funnel so basically it's uh
typically it's like engage visits is
like the first step somebody that visits
your website and they stay for say
scroll 75% way through they stay for a
minute that could be like the first
Micro Touch point then from there it's
like what's the next touch Point okay
did they actually interact with our form
you can set up tracking to measure form
abandons right so demo forms trial forms
it really doesn't matter that's another
great signal then from there did they
actually fill out the form that's
another signal did they fill out the
form and now they're actually in your
CRM now that's an offline signal right
so all that now does that lead became an
mql mql SQL etc those are all different
opportunities where you could set up
conversion actions and then assign
different sending conversion values so
now Google knows hey SQL is more
important than engage visit right and
they get more signals to the campaign I
love that dip and it's something that I
also really like because like in terms
of what we do internally too because
like you said of course the goal we all
dream of is optimizing the campaigns for
a customer but very rarely especially in
B2B where the volume of conversions is
very low or deals happening you have to
optimize for a higher in the funnel ER
event usually you can start when it
comes to conversion events I always like
to start with you know something like
form submission schedule a demo which is
you know the safest conversion that
Google C optimize for but if you're
really not getting that volume you can
get it up like you said higher level of
a conversion like someone who abandoned
the form people who have visited the
form or if you have a separate page
people who have visited the form page
and start giving Google the signals
where they can have you know some data
and they can start optimizing towards
that once you start getting the more vol
more volume lower than the phunnel you
can then switch those conversions to
primary to have Google optimized for
those tip number four I think comes
really really in hand with this one
which is syncing your CRM life cycle
stages with Google so you can have
better visibility down the funnel not
only on Google itself but also for
optimization purposes like we just
mentioned if you can sync for example
Hotpot is the one we we use the most you
can SN your mql SQL opportunity and
customer life cycle stages within the
platform and you can not only track it
within Google but you can start
optimizing for this metrics on once you
have the volume which I think is a huge
Advantage if you combine it with smart
biding I always say you know you could
have the greatest Advertiser of all time
in your account but if they don't have
the right signals in there they're blind
you know they they can't help you I'm
such a Believer believer in like
measurement and and Reporting and
tracking and I spend so much time
talking about those things and it's like
the unsexy stuffff but it's it's like if
you do that right optimization is easy
you know and then you could even
automate it to some extent with
automation rules in Google ads right if
you have the right data you're like okay
well if my cost per SQL is greater than
this kill it you know what I mean or
send me a notification but it's like the
prerequisite is feed the machine have
the visibility have the insights so then
you can be able to do these things yeah
and I think that's a mistake we I've
also made in the past where we had cents
you know we're not the best visibility
down the phel the problem is for example
once we had that visibility is that H
for example ER we were for a client we
were optimizing for cper lead you know
that's the visibility that we had cper
conversion yeah we got a lower Coster
conversion that's great it's you know
the Coster conversion in Facebook is
lower than Google but then once we have
the visibility on the phone we realize
that for
example yeah surprise Google is bring in
the customers and we were thinking about
killing Google because Facebook had a
lower cost per conversion but then you
realize Facebook ER Google is actually
killing it and Facebook sucks down the
funnel so that's part of the reason why
I think visibility I must have within
your campaigns because you might
encounter some surprises when if you
only optimize for let's say cost per
lead or higher in the funnel H signals
yeah 100% tip number five this might be
already a best practice but
unfortunately I see it a lot is if you
ever have the opportunity to run broad
match pass on it because H you know um
it's not a secret uh for us marketers
that every time you get in a Google you
know Google rep call this is the almost
I most have recommendation is to run
broad match but like I don't know what
has your experience been but for what I
something I've seen with one of my
earlier clients at catalyst is that we
tested Broad match versus phrase match
and exact and actually broad match was
killing it in terms of conversion a lot
of conversions lower cost for conversion
but then we see down the phone of course
the same topic about visibility a lot of
those conversions really didn't transfer
into anything down the phel or the deal
sizes were super low and you know I
really think whenever you start let's
say if you start a campaign with uh
match type you know you want to go
broader because you don't have a lot of
data on the keywords I always will
prefer to start with phrase match and
again if you have the opportunity to use
broad I won't use it because there's a
lot of crap that you find in there even
if you're very tight with the negatives
and even with the signals that you give
Google there's really not a lot of
quality there yeah it's tough it's tough
um in our experience too broad match
typically doesn't perform as well it's
it's like a dance you know I always say
Google ads is a blessing in curse
because you're blessed with intent but
you're cursed with scale and after a
certain point no matter what you do
you've just hit the ceiling and now it's
time to scale horizontally through other
campaign themes or vertically uh by by
scaling through keywords and budget or
just going to new channels uh but it's
like this dance you have to play and
that's where the visibility is so
important to be able to see if it's
actually fruitful yeah I love it and I
do think that's let's say the big thing
about Google you can only get so much
volume of your keywords you can only
beat so much increase your quality score
so much at some point you will hit that
ceiling and as great as the channel is
you know you come to that point where
you have to find other ways to either
scale the platform or find other
platforms to Target yep tip number six
this is also a big one I will say maybe
a pro tip because I haven't really seen
a lot of people using it which is if you
want to be as efficient when uploading
or updating campaigns on Google ads
learn how to use the Google ads editor
and shout out to Daniel Kingston because
he T me this and it has been the
greatest thing that I've seen for Google
ads is learning how to use the editor it
makes the process of uploading campaigns
updating them so much faster like so
much faster especially when you have a
high volume of campaigns keywords ads if
you learn how to use this tool you will
be incredibly efficient in the platform
I cannot Echo that enough it's free to
use Google doesn't charge anything for
it and it just saves you so much time
especially for campaign creation yeah
exactly and I will say you know if in
terms of the platform you might you know
struggle a bit to use it we always
recommend that you have a template with
the way it works you can have a template
with the columns let's say the elements
you want to upload to go ad say the
campaign ad Group ads you know headlines
if you add those in you know the exact
fields or even you can look this inside
Google it shows you the fields they can
match let's say from your template to
Google ads editor if you start using
those you know it will make the process
so much faster because you can just
transfer the data from your Excel to the
Google ads editor and boom you have a
campaign live and you don't have to face
all of the hassle that the editor or the
regular Google ads experience gives you
tip number seven this is something I
personally still experimenting with but
I think there's some huge huge value on
this which is H the Google L scripts or
rules I do think you know even though
although I'm super new with this I think
there's a huge value if once you start
experimenting with this within Google
ads because it gives you a huge
opportunity to basically have the
platform make
optimizations and improve the
performance of your campaign without you
having to oversee it on a daily or
frequent basis there's a huge value to
the Google ad scripts and I will
encourage you to learn as much of as
possible about this yeah yeah a lot of
cool things you can do just one one uh
use case that I personally love is you
can use a script to automatically apply
a tracking template across all campaigns
and it'll dynamically push the campaign
name of the campaign that drove the lead
and your ad groups as well it can pull
the ad group name as well for like more
granular reporting which is really cool
rules I'm a huge believer in rules I
love them so much and you can use them
to like we mentioned earlier you can use
them to streamline ads if you have good
conversion signals going back to what we
talked about earlier you can now use
those conversion events to set
conditions of like hey my ad spent more
than x and it didn't drive an SQL turn
it off or uh one use case that I
personally love is if your search loss
to budget is greater than 0% and your
cost per enter your dream kpi is less
than your goal increase budget by 10 15%
so you can use it also to automatically
scale so like the use cases on the rules
and the scripts are amazing because
unfortunately most people in my
experience when they run ads is they're
too emotional and they either let things
run too long or they don't let things
run enough you know and the good thing
about having clear set conditions of a
this is how much it's it's able to spend
like around our goals and our Targets
this is how much we're willing to give
it at that point it's just math right
like if it spent more and it didn't do
it it gets killed my uh friend my good
friend yonberg talks about this he's
like you have to Kill Your Darlings you
know you can't get you can't get married
to them yeah it has happened to me quite
a number of times and definitely I you
know I would love to learn always love
to learn about rules because I think the
less attached you are to the ads and you
know the more you focus on the numbers
the better your campaign ends up
performing in the long run because you
know just because you created this
campaign or this that you love how it
looks or you know something like that it
applies to everything within advertising
if you're afraid to kill it because
you're attached to it you know the only
one suffering will be your business or
your goals or even your own you know
your own pocket if you're running ads
for your own business I always like to
think you know it happens to me a lot
still you know it's part of the game but
the less attached you are to the to the
numbers sorry to the campaigns the
better yeah totally tip number eight oh
this a big one that I've seen from
accounts spending 5,000 to $500,000
a quarter or $100,000 a month which is
you know quite some good money you know
you can buy a Ferrari with amount of
money so it's quite a lot so this is
something I see a lot in audits which is
if you're prioritizing search campaigns
on Google is make sure please that
you're excluding search partners and
Display Network your from your campaign
settings because as much as Google tells
you that it you know you if you spend
$1,000 more you will get 0.05% more
conversions ER really that's not worth
it for your campaigns there's really not
a lot of quality traffic you're going to
get and even you know similar to
LinkedIn Audience Network it will ends
up sucking a lot of your budget Without
You realizing it and even if it appears
that it's getting conversion the quality
is often not there yeah the Display
Network one specifically is uh nightmare
uh it just yeah I mean it's a black box
you don't really know where your ads
appeared right
the ad itself is horribly rendered on
the placement because text and an image
extension and then in addition to that
you have all these additional
Impressions added on top of your search
campaign so what that's doing is it's
hurting your overall click the rate on
the campaign and because your overall
click the rate is low on The Campaign
which is reflected on the ads that means
your expected click the rate is now more
likely to be below average and if your
expected click the rate is below average
that means your qu quality score is
going to tank if your quality score
tanks that means your ad rank gets
impacted if that gets impacted now
you're paying more per click you're
getting less visibility it's just a
losing proposition yeah I haven't
thought about it that way but that's the
perfect explanation like H even if it
doesn't appear as harmful in the in the
beginning you know it really affects the
quality of your ads the performance and
Google even if they recommend it to you
all the time they will punish you for it
really most of the recommendations from
Google are not really helpful because
they just optimize at the super surface
level within the platform and not for
the benefit of your business within the
D funnel metrics so this is why you have
you know not all recommendations are bad
but you have to take in with a super
grain of salt yeah
100% tip number nine oh I like this one
also this is one more at the landing
page level if you're using ad group or
team specific landing pages there
something I usually like to do internal
Catalyst install some form or you know
this can apply even if you're using a
regular landing page or even homepage
install some form of behavior analysis
tool like hotard on these different
pages so you can identify what gaps you
have you might have on these landing
pages so you can address them and
increase conversion rates like for
example you might see you have a huge
bounce rate within your ads but you you
really have no Insight without a tool
like this into what might be happening
you might say oh it's the copy should we
change the form should we you know move
the testimonials to the top should we
change the form to the top should make
the demo yeah yeah should we make the
schule demo bottom bigger you know you
won't have this inside without a tool
like for example hotard or any other
tool like this yeah yeah this is such a
big tip because for those of you
listening um have you ever been in that
situation with your Google ad campaigns
where you look at your search ter report
and it looks pretty good quality wise
like Search terms are close to the
keyword that triggered and like
everything looks good like nothing crazy
you know what I mean like you're you're
pretty dialed in and you're not getting
any conversions and now it's like well
there's a conversion issue of course
because the quality of side of the
traffic is good and then you look at
your landing page you're like well how
do I improve this thing and it's like
you know what I mean you're just like
you have nothing to go off of so having
a tool like this a behavior Analytics
tool is so valuable because to point you
can see session recordings it's I never
it never gets old whenever I look at
session recordings like it's always so
cool because you can see and then not
you can't see the person of course if
you guys ever done it but you just you
could see them scrolling through your
your page and clicking through your
website and uh and they also have like
the ability to skip through like dead
space because sometimes people land and
then they like go I don't know do
something and then they come back so
yeah it's a such a valuable exercise
looking at those session recordings I I
totally agree yeah and I think it's so
valuable not only for to improve your
landing pages but also for learning more
about your customer like you can
directly see of course not them but you
can see what they're looking
at you know you know privacy compliance
of course you can see them searching
what they're actually looking for you
might see H A lot of people spend time
rating this or watching this video it
means the messaging might be hitting
this might be a good piece of the you
know section of the landing page May you
can move it higher maybe you can
leverage this messaging more on the page
this is what people care about you know
they're clicking on the logo in the
landing page as it's not driving them
somewhere that's a big one yeah the
navigation to the homepage you know all
this is super great insights that I
would say is really a must have within
your page because you can optimize
everything you can at the Google ads
level if your landing page sucks you're
getting no conversions yeah I I just had
a so of our clients they just updated
their landing page so we built this new
landing page for them and and like the
landing page we built it's good but I
wouldn't say it's like out of this world
it just follows like fundamentals Etc
yeah and it's only been live for 10 days
but we've seen a 600% lift in demos wow
which is insane and and like it's basic
page you know what I mean but it just
follows like best practices strong hero
section and a lot of times I think folks
listening and and just my experience
working with with customers is we're
always looking for like this huge thing
where it's like what is that channel
tactic combination that I haven't heard
of that's going to yeah that one thing
that's going to just like you know and
and sometimes there are things like that
but often times it's a lot of the little
small unsexy things that you stack up
together it's the things that you know
you should be doing but you're not uh
that that really make the difference you
know yeah and I the beauty of marketing
in general is that there's small
optimizations everywhere you know you
can make change award in your headline
that can shoot up your your conversion
rates you can make a small change in
your for example your Beating in your
campaign or you add this negative
keyword and now all of the sudden you
don't waste a lot of money you're now
showing up for more searches you know is
I think the beauty of marketing is is a
lot of small actions compiled together
into this one big thing and this is why
I usually you know we can give the tips
we can give the ideas but often you know
it's really a matter of learning slowly
improving your campaigns H what goes
wrong what goes well and as you stack
things up things get better and that's
how you end up improving yeah I mean
it's not even in marketing in life it's
that way yeah 100% there's always
parallels right yeah I I always tell my
my team because I'm I'm like huge on
experimentation I always tell them
everything is an opinion until you've
backed it up with data and then it
becomes your fact so everything you hear
online you know something that worked
for so and so you know something I've
said or you said anybody said it's all
just an opinion until you've evaluated
in your own situation and have been able
to back it up with with data to make it
a yeah totally completely I agree so
much with that you know even with the
noral clients even if you follow you
know you have your best practices and
Playbook that you usually like to do
there's no you cannot guarantee and
often it really doesn't plog and play
for each client everyone else has
different needs has different clients
products everything so you know you have
to always test uh your theory before
saying this is how this works this
doesn't work yeah 100% all right take us
home with the 10th and final tip this is
more of a general demand capture tip but
if you want to horizontally I think this
something we just talk about if you want
to horizontally scale your demand
capture campaign from Google and you you
might be struggling with the volume or
you feel there's more ways you can
expand the campaigns a low lift ha
impact method we I really like
personally to do is importing your
Google ads campaigns into Bing this way
you can in almost instantly Leverage The
searches happening on Bing while using
the same setup that and settings that
you have from Google all of this at the
same time that you have lower campaign
cost because you know the competition
levels being and the overall cost that
you see on the platform are super lower
so I think this a super low lift and
high impact activity that you can
definitely test for yourself yeah it's a
it's a great tip it's such a nice
natural Next Step same keyword same
campaigns you can migrate them into Bing
and just now you're accessing Bing's
Network so now you're showing up on Bing
Microsoft Edge um things like Duck Duck
Go as GES like all these different you
know third party uh search engines that
are part of their their search Network
yeah and lastly I have a bonus tip which
is something I made a big mistake on is
that more Impressions share is not
always good if it means that your cost
per lead will be higher and this is
something I face a lot where for example
if you want to increase your impression
share let's say you increase the Beats
of your campaign you start showing off
for more searches and something that
happened to me recently is for example
we got high like almost doubled
impression sh and I was like waa this is
great we even had higher conversion
rates but the cost per conversion of the
campaigns increased so I'm like what
happened here then I realize for example
the cost per click is way higher than it
was last month and although you know the
platform metrics increase you know I
show up and we are showing up for more
searches we have more conversions higher
conversion rate the efficiency was lost
in the process so I will always make
sure of course this is within your goals
when you're you're optimizing for a kpi
when you this again impression share is
a very surface level metric and although
increases your the amount of searches
you're showing up for always make sure
that you're not risking your efficiency
in the process that's a great reminder
and so it's that that dance you must
make between efficiency and scale right
yeah and uh and you got to tow the line
carefully depending on your goals
amazing Diego just to quickly recap we
covered 10 tips around scaling Google
ads and demand capture so tip number one
was leveraging Dynamic keyword insertion
tip number two was leveraging bid
modifiers for devices and GEOS tip
number three was to use Smart bidding as
soon as possible and you mentioned that
you personally love Target CPA that
you've seen some good stuff with that
tip number four was to sync your CRM
with Google so that you can send those
offline conversion events for
optimization tip number five was to run
away from broad match as much as humanly
possible uh tip number six was to
Leverage The Google ads Editor to save a
lot of time uh in terms of building
campaigns and making changes in the
account tip number seven was to lean on
scripts and rules for advanced
functionality tip number eight was to
exclude search partners and the Display
Network tip number nine was to leverage
a behavior analysis tool like hot jar
Microsoft Clarity so that you can see
how are people actually using your site
and then uh the final tip was to import
Google ads campaigns into being if
you're finding success but you're
hitting that scaling wall and you want
more reach yeah completely I think these
are tips you I learned the hard way a
lot of them so I definitely hope a lot
of people you know take leverage a lot
of this to make the campaigns and the
process of running campaigns more
efficient and in the end get better
results our campaigns thank you Diego so
much for being here if people wanted to
connect with you where can they find you
yeah you can find me on LinkedIn I'm
Diego Kendall also on LinkedIn and if
you want to find more about the work
that we do you can find us at Catalyst
Consulting doservices that's where you
can find us and if you want to work with
me or just connect with me on LinkedIn
always happy to chat awesome thank you
so much for being here we'll see you
guys in the next episode of learning for
the pros I appreciate it bye